# ProfNag
Dibendu Nag the anarchy is born and brought up in Calcutta/Arunachal Pradesh/shillong where he received his education/practice/training at his childhood. Mr.Dibendu Nag cleared his high school study in 1987 from New Delhi. He received his BSC in physics and philanthropy from oxford university and established national open school NOS in 1992 &amp; IGNOU in 1993. Dr.Dibendu Nag is the founder /father of distance education&amp; open education under the University Grant Commission UGC. In 1988 Prof.Dr. Dibendu Nag received his engineering Degree from Hindustan Institute of Engineering Technology (HIET) and completed three years of Post-Graduate study in practical physics and quantum physics from Harvard university in 1995. And take the responsibility of the Institute of Engineers(INDIA). He have also done PHD in human rights-Human Resources from the United Nation Institute for Training And Research. unitar in 1999 and join the UN as director general. Prof.Dr.Dibendu Nag have received his MD from the Indian Institute of Alternative Medicine. IIAM in 2003 and invented Tele-medicine for all therapy. Prof.Dr.Dibendu Nag is the tenant of IT(Internet-Technology) &amp; IT of 21st century information technology. He is also probably known as the king of mass media &amp; multimedia. At present he is in United Nation &amp; NATO as the director general of UN peace keeping force. Prof.Dr.Dibendu Nag is also a sportsman with a vision of healthcare and Olympics sports data. He is the champion of the world anti-doping agency. WADA and executive member of IOC &amp; ICC . Dr. Nag have completed his martial arts training under the supervision of master chew choo soot and received sachidan 7th Dan Red Black belt. He is also the six sigma black belt management professional and the pioneer of the world black belt bureau.
